1. List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to annotaitons.md
    
2. What is MVC pattern?
    * Model: Model represents an object or JAVA POJO carrying data. It can also have logic to update controller if its data changes.
    * View: View represents the visualization of the data that model contains.
    * Controller: Controller acts on both model and view. It controls the data flow into model object and updates the view whenever data changes. It keeps view and model separate.
3. What is Front-Controller?
    * In Spring, Front-Controller is the DispatcherServlet class. It is responsible to manage the flow of the Spring MVC application.
4. What is DispatcherServlet? please describe how it works.
   * DispatcherServlet handles an incoming HttpRequest, delegates the request, and processes that request according to the configured HandlerAdapter interfaces that have been implemented within the Spring application along with accompanying annotations specifying handlers, controller endpoints, and response objects.
5. What is JSP and What is ModelAndView?(please google to have a basic knowledge)
    * JSP is  JavaServer Pages.
    * ModelAndView represents a model and view returned by a handler, to be resolved by a DispatcherServlet.
6. Could you please google any other servlets(理解多少是多少，不要花太多时间， 知道servlet的名字就行。)
    * Dispatcher Servlet in spring.
    * Generic Servlet
    * HttpServlet
7. How many web server do you know? (Tomcat,gi Jetty, Jboss)
    * Tomcat
    * Jetty
    * Apache HTTP Server
    * Resin
    * Adobe Run