1. can you tell me something about docker container?
   * Container is a bundle of software so that the applications with dependencies can be deployed fast and reliably with different platforms.
   * docker container are runtime instances of docker images.
2. what are docker images?
   * It is a text file that has all commands which need to be run for building a given image.
3. Can you tell what is the functionality of a hypervisor?
   * hypervisor: a software that can make virtualization. It divides the resources of the host system and allocates them to each guest environment installed. 
4. What can you tell about Docker Compose?
   * it's a yaml file consisting of the details regarding various services, networks, and volumes that are needed for setting up the Docker-based application.
   * it can be used to create multiple containers host them and establish communication between them
5. Can you tell something about docker namespace?
   * This forms the core concept behind containerization as namespaces introduce a layer of isolation amongst the containers. In docker, the namespaces ensure that the containers are portable and they don't affect the underlying host. 
6. What is the docker command that lists the status of all docker containers?
   * docker ps -a
7. On what circumstances will you lose data stored in a container?
   * when you delete containers
8. What is docker image registry?
   * It's the place where docker images are stored.
   * It can be public and private. Docker Hub is the most popular docker image registry.
9. How many Docker components are there?
   * docker client
   * docker host
   * docker registry
10. what is docker hub?
    * it's a public docker images registry. 
11. What command can you run to export a docker image as an archive?
    * docker save -o <exported_name>.tar <container-name>
12. What command can be run to import a pre-exported Docker image into another Docker host?
    This can be done using the docker load command and the syntax is docker load -i <export_image_name>.tar
13. Can a paused container be removed from Docker?
    No. A container MUST be in the stopped state before we can remove it.
14. What command is used to check for the version of docker client and server?
    * docker version.
15. Differentiate between virtualization and containerization
   * virtualization: This helps developers to run and host multiple OS on the hardware of a single physical server. Hypervisors provide overall virtual machines to the guest operating systems. Hypervisors provide overall virtual machines to the guest operating systems. 
   * containerization: This helps developers to deploy multiple applications using the same operating system on a single virtual machine or server. Containers ensure isolated environment/ user spaces are provided for running the applications. Containers form abstraction of the application layer which means that each container constitutes a different application.
16. Differentiate between COPY and ADD commands that are used in a Dockerfile?
   * COPY provides just the basic support of copying local files into the container 
   * ADD provides additional features like remote URL and tar extraction support.
17. Can a container restart by itself?
   * Yes, we can set rules when run the container.
18. Can you tell the differences between a docker Image and Layer?
    * This is built up from a series of read-only layers of instructions. An image corresponds to the docker container.
    * Each layer corresponds to an instruction of the image’s Dockerfile. 
19. What is the purpose of the volume parameter in a docker run command?
    * This ensures that even if the container is deleted, the data of the container exists in the volume mapped host location making it the easiest way to store the container data.
20. Where are docker volumes stored in docker?
   * Volumes are created and managed by Docker and cannot be accessed by non-docker entities. They are stored in Docker host filesystem at /var/lib/docker/volumes/.
21. What does the docker info command do
   *  Gets detailed information about Docker installed on the host system. 
22. Can you tell what are the purposes of up, run, and start commands of docker compose?
   * Start: only those containers can be restarted which were already created and then stopped
   * Run:  the docker-compose can run one-off or ad-hoc tasks based on the business requirements
   * Up: start or restart all the networks, services, and drivers associated with the app
23. What are the basic requirements for the docker to run on any system
   * Docker can run on both Windows and Linux platforms.
24. Can you tell the approach to login to the docker registry?
   * Using the docker login command credentials to log in to their own cloud repositories can be entered and accessed
25. List the most commonly used instructions in Dockerfile?
   * from
   * label
   * run 
   * cmd
26.  Can you differentiate between Daemon Logging and Container Logging?
   * Daemon Level: This kind of logging has four levels- Debug, Info, Error, and Fatal.
   * container level:  shows information logged by a running container
27. What is the way to establish communication between docker host and Linux host?
   * This can be done using networking by identifying the “ipconfig” on the docker host. 
28. What is the best way of deleting a container
   * stop the container
   * remove the container
29. Can you tell the difference between CMD and ENTRYPOINT?
   * CMD command provides executable defaults for an executing container. 
   * ENTRYPOINT specifies that the instruction within it will always be run when the container starts. 
30.  Can we use JSON instead of YAML while developing docker-compose file in Docker?
   * yes, In order to run docker-compose with JSON, docker-compose -f docker-compose.json up can be used.
31. How many containers you can run in docker and what are the factors influencing this limit?
   * There is no clearly defined limit to the number of containers that can be run within docker. 
   * But there are more specifically hardware restrictions. like the size of the app and the CPU resources available.
32. Describe the lifecycle of Docker Container
   * created: where the container has just been created new but not started yet.
   * running: the container would be running with all its associated processes.
   * paused: when the running container has been paused.
   * stopped: when the running container has been stopped.
   * deleted: when the container is stopped, we can delete the container.
33. How to use docker for multiple application environments?
   * Docker-compose feature of docker will come to help here. In the docker-compose file, we can define multiple services, networks, and containers along with the volume mapping in a clean manner, and then we can just call the command “docker-compose up”.
34. How will you ensure that a container 1 runs before container 2 while using docker compose?
   * use depends_on command.


