##1.Learn MarkDown and show all of basic usage in the ShortQuestions/README.md
####Answer: 
####    see in the ShortQuestions/README.md

##2.practice git using the platform, list the git commands you learned
####Anser:
    1)git commit / git commit -m "message"
    2)git branch <branch_name>
    3)git checkout <branch_name>
    4)git checkout -b <branch_name>
    5)git merge <branch_name>
    6)git rebase <branch_name>
    7)git clone / git clone <url>
    8)git pull 
    9)git fetch 
    10)git push

##3.What is the basic steps to init a git repo in your local?
####Answer:
    1)open the terminal, and switch to the directory of local project , and initialize local repository using command: 
        git init
    2)git init: create a new git repository
      git init <directory>: convert the current directory to a git repository
    3)git init --bare: convert a specific directory to a git repository
    
    

##4.How to clone a repo from Github?
####Answer: 
    1) using the command: git clone <webUrl>, 
        eg:  git clone https://github.com/TAIsRich/chuwa0116.git
    2) git clone via SSH,  eg: git clone git@github.com:TAIsRich/chuwa0116.git. 
        This requires user to generate  a new SSH key and apply SSH-Agent, then add the public key to remote repository before git clone.

##5.How to create a new branch and checkout to that branch
###Answer:
    use the command: checkout -b <branch_name> or 
                      git branch <branch_name> , git checkout <branch_name>

##6.How to merge the branch_test to master branch in command? show me the commands
####Answer:
    use the command: git merge branch_test

##7.How to stash your new code before leaving branch branch_learn_stash and pop your stash when you checkout back to **branch_learn_stash? try commands way and intellij way.
####Answer:
    1）firstly using: git stash or git stash save "message" (using git stash save can add message)
    2) when back to branch_learn_stash, using git stash pop 


##8.How do you understand PR is based on Branch?
####Answer:
    the operation pull request are branch based, is not based on a single submission. When we create
    a pull request, we need to base it on a particular branch and request adoption. On each pull request, other 
    developers can find all modifications/commits for this branch. And it is more easier for others to do code review.



##9.What is maven role? What it be used to do?
####Answer:
    1)Maven is a management and build tool specifically designed for Java projects. Applying Maven makes 
        operations such as downloading, adding and removing the dependencies/libraries of a project much easier.
    2) Maven provides a set of standardized project structure, and a standardized build process,
        including compile, test, package, release, and so on, which means Maven build project(Cycle). It also provides a dependency management
        mechanism, this helps to manage dependencies/package. 
 
##10.What is the lifecycle of maven? Could you tell me the details?
####Answer:
    1）the lifecycle of maven includes: Clean->prepare-resources->validate->package->install
         (the clean stage: pre-clean -> clean -> post-clean)
        （the defaulted stage: validate->compile->test->package->integration-test->verify->
                                install->deploy）
    2) Clean: Firstly clear all files generated by the previous build, specifically, all files in the Target directory, 
              including this directory, are cleared. the goes to the stage prepare_resources.
        Validate: Once resources are prepared, we need to verify that the project is correct, and that all 
                necessary information is available.
        Package: Once it has be validated, it goes to package stage. In this stage, it generates target directory, compile
                and test code, generates test report, jar/war file.  This means it takes the compiled code from compile, and 
                package it into a sortable formate, such as jar package, war package.
        Install: means install the package into the local repository, and ensures that other local projects may also need to use
                it. 
        

##11.What is the difference between package and install in maven lifecycle?
####Answer: The difference is that package means packaging a project containing many files into a compressed file for installation or
        deployment. The Java project corresponds to the jar package, and the Web project corresponds to the war package.
        However, in the Maven environment, installing means specificaaly to the installation of the packaged result, a jar or war 
        package into a local repository. In this word, before going to install stage, it must go to package stage firstly. 

##12.What is plugins in maven, list some plugins.
#####Answer:
    1）Maven is the core framework for Maven's collection of plugins, which means the plugin is where the most real actions/operations
        take place. The plugins are used to create the jar/war file, compile the code, unit test code, create project documents, etc.
        Hence, plugins are the core functionality of Maven, allowing common build logic to reused across multiple projects. This is implemented 
        by performing actions in the context of the project description.
    2）maven-antrun-plugin
        maven-archetype-plugin
        maven-assembly-plugi
        maven-dependency-plugin
        maven-enforcer-plugin
        maven-help-plugin
        maven-release-plugin
        maven-resources-plugin

##13.In chuwa0116, MavenProject directory, create a maven Module using Intellij, named it as belows:
    1.groupID: com.chuwa.learn
    2.artifactID: java-core
####Answer:
    the operation has been git to the remote repository.


##14.Do Code Review: Go over the PRs in your repo, tried to leave some useful or useful comments in other
students' PR, please don't merge it.
Answer:
    Nicely Done! It is ready to merge!
    

