### 1. List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to annotaitons.md
### 2. type the code, you need to checkout new branch from branch 02_post_RUD, name the new branch with https://github.com/TAIsRich/springboot-redbook/ tree/hw05_01_slides_JPQL.
See Coding/redbook_jpql
### 3. What is JPQL
Java Persistence Query language. JPQL is Java Persistence Query Language defined in JPA specification. It is used to create queries against entities to store in a relational database. 
### 4. What is @NamedQuery and @NamedQueries?
@NamedQuery annotation to specify a named query within an entity class and then declare that method in repository. 

### 5. What is @Query? In which Interface we write the sql or JPQL
In order to define SQL to execute for a Spring Data repository method, we can annotate the method with the @Query annotation — its value attribute contains the JPQL or SQL to execute

In the Repository we write sql or JPQL

### 6. What is HQL and Criteria Queries
HQL is to perform both select and non-select operations on the data
Criteria is only for selecting the data, we cannot perform non-select operations using criteria

### 7.  What is EntityManager
The EntityManager is an API that manages the lifecycle of entity instances. 
### 8. What is SessionFactory and Session
SessionFactory is a factory class for Session objects.
A session is a state consisting of several requests and response between the client and the server

### 9. What is Transaction? how to manage your transaction
Transactions in Java, as in general refer to a series of actions that must all complete successfully.
To manage transaction, add @Transactional in front of the block of codes you want to  execute  successfully otherwise rollback. In applications.java, add @EnableTransactionManagement.
### 10. What is hibernate Caching
Hibernate caching acts as a layer between the actual database and your application. It reduces the time taken to obtain the required data — as it fetches from memory instead of directly hitting the database. It is very useful when you need to fetch the same kind of data multiple times.

### 11. What is the difference between first-level cache and second-level cache
The first level cache is associated with the Session Object, while the second-level cache is associated with the SessionFactory object. This means first-level cache's scope is limited to session-level while second-level cache's scope is at the application level
### 12. How do you understand @Transactional? (不要clone，要自己抄写并测试 transactional，https://github.com/TAIsRich/tutorial-transaction)

See Coding/redbook_transactional
### 13. Write a simple factory design pattern
```agsl

interface Wheel {
    public float getDiameter();
    public float getWidth();
}

class CarWheel implements Wheel {
    protected float diameter;
    protected float width;

    public CarWheel(float diameter, float width) {
        this.diameter = diameter;
        this.width = width;
    }

    public float getDiameter() {
        return diameter;
    }

    public float getWidth() {
        return width;
    }
}

class WheelFactory {
    public static Wheel makeWheel (float diameter, float width) {
        return new CarWheel(diameter, width);
    }
}

class TestWheelFactory {
  
    public static void main(String args[]) {
    
        Wheel carWheel = WheelFactory.makeWheel(15, 215);
  
        System.out.println(carWheel.getDiameter());
        System.out.println(carWheel.getWidth());
    }
}
```

