### 1. List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to annotaitons.md
See annotations.md
### 2. Type the Comment feature for the class project
See Coding/redbook
### 3. In postman, call of the APIs in PostController and CommentController
### 4. what is JPA? and what is Hibernate?
Java Persistence API is a collection of classes and methods to persistently store the vast amounts of data into a database which is provided by the Oracle Corporation.

Hibernate is a Java framework that simplifies the development of Java application to interact with the database.

### 5. What is Hikari? what is the benefits of connection pool
Hikari is a JDBC DataSource implementation that provides a connection pooling mechanism

Connection pools promote the reuse of connection objects and reduce the number of times that connection objects are created. 

### 6. What is the  @OneToMany, @ManyToOne, @ManyToMany? write some examples
@OneToMany

- one-to-many mapping means that one row in a table is mapped to multiple rows in another table

e.g.
A post has many comments, each comment holds a foreign key post_id which reference the post it belongs to.

The post has OneToMany annotation

@ManyToOne

- The many-to-one mapping or association means that one parent record can have multiple child records

e.g.
A post has many comments, each comment holds a foreign key post_id which reference the post it belongs to.

The comment have ManyToOne annotation


@ManyToMany

- A relationship is a connection between two types of entities. In the case of a many-to-many relationship, both sides can relate to multiple instances of the other side

e.g.
Many students can like many courses. Both courses and students can have ManyToMany annotation

### 7. What is the  cascade = CascadeType.ALL, orphanRemoval = true? and what are the other CascadeType and their features

-  cascade = CascadeType.ALL: All cascade operations on owning entity applied to related entity
-  orphanRemoval = true: It marks "child" entity to be removed when it's no longer referenced from the "parent" entity

- CascadeType.PERSIST: The persist operation makes a transient instance persistent. Cascade Type PERSIST propagates the persist operation from a parent to a child entity. 
- CascadeType.MERGE: The merge operation copies the state of the given object onto the persistent object with the same identifier. CascadeType.MERGE propagates the merge operation from a parent to a child entity.
- CascadeType.REMOVE: ascadeType.REMOVE propagates the remove operation from parent to child entity.
- CascadeType.DETACH: The detach operation removes the entity from the persistent context
- CascadeType.REFRESH: Refresh operations reread the value of a given instance from the database
- CascadeType.REPLICATE: The replicate operation is used when we have more than one data source and we want the data in sync
- CascadeType.SAVE_UPDATE: CascadeType.SAVE_UPDATE propagates the same operation to the associated child entity

### 8. What is the  fetch = FetchType.LAZY, fetch = FetchType.EAGER? what is the difference? In which situation you choose which one?
-  fetch = FetchType.LAZY: fetches the
   records only when they are needed
    + If we don't need data from comment, JPA doesn't fetch it
    + Only fetch data from post
    + when we need data from comment, then JPA fetch comment data

- fetch = FetchType.EAGER: Eager fetch
  means that when a record is fetched from the database, all the
  associated records from related tables are also fetched
    - when we fetch post, JPA also fetch comment at the same time
  

### 9. What is the rule of JPA naming convention? Shall we implement the method by ourselves? Could you list some examples?
Spring data JPA has its own naming conventions for methods. Following these conventions we can build sophisticated queries. These conventions are called also called as method name strategies. These strategies have defined set of keyword to use in method names. Based on the formed method name, method performs predefined operations

We do not need to implement the methods
Example:
```agsl
 List<Student> findByStudentId(Long studentId);

 List<Student> findByStudentIdLessThanAndMarksGreaterThan(Long studentId, Long marks);
```

### 10. Try to use JPA advanced methods in your class project. In the repository layer, you need to use the naming convention to use the method provided by JPA
