##1.Can you tell something about docker container?
####Answer:
    The docker container is the runtime instances of docker images, which  includes applications and their dependencies. 
    The kernal and system resources are shared between containers. The advantages of using docker container is that the 
    containized application can be run on any platform, without focusing on the types of operating systems.

##2. What are docker images?
####Answer:
    Docker images are executable packages. They can be executed to create Docker containers. And docker images can be deployed 
    to any docker environment.

##3. What is a DockerFile?
####Answer:
    It is a kind of text file including all necessary commands to build the Docker image.

##4. Can you tell what is the functionality of a hypervisor?
####Answer:
    A hypervisor, also called Virtual Machine Monitor, is a software used to implement virtualization. It can divide resources 
    of the host system, and then allocate them to the guest environment installed.  Hence, multiple operating systems can 
    be installed on a single host system. And there are two types of hypervisor. The first one is Native Hypervisor(Bare-Metal Hypervisor). 
    It can be run on underlying host system directly, which makes it possible to access host system hardware directly. 
    The other type is Hosted Hypervisor. It uses the host operating system with exsiting operating system installed.

##5. What can you tell about Docker Compose?
####Answer:
    It is a YAML file including all detailed information about creating multipe docker containers, hosting them and establishing 
    connections between them for the application running with docker. And exposing ports of every container is required for 
    the communcation between containers. 

##6. Can you tell something about docker namespace?
####Answer:
    The docker namespace makes the containerization realizable. The types of docker namespace include PID, Mount, User, 
    Network, PIC. Using namespace can bring a layer of isolation between different containers. This means containers are 
    portble without affecting the underlying host. 

##7. What is the docker command that lists the status of all docker containers?
####Answer:
    `docker ps -a`

##8. On what circumstances will you lose data stored in a container?
####Answer:
    Delete the container directly.

##9. What is docker image registry?
####Answer:
    The docker image resgistry is a place storing dockers images. It can be public or private, and as we know, the Docker 
    hub is the most popular public docker image registry. By using docker image registry, there is no need to convert the 
    applications to containers every time, which is quite convinent.

##10.How many Docker components are there?
####Answer:
    There are three docker components, including docker client, docker server, and docker registry.
    1)docker client: it can execute docker pull, docker build, and docker run to open a commucation with docker server.
    2)docker server: it has the main docker damon, and hosts containers and related images. And the daemon has a connection  
    with the docker registry.
    3)docker registry: it is a place used to store docker images. It can be public or private, and for example the Docker 
    hub is the most famous public registry.

##11.What is a Docker Hub?
####Answer:
    It is a public cloud-based docker registry provided by Docker. It can used to store  lots of docker images, which are 
    pushed through command `docker push`. And it is also very convinent to search the requried images from the Docker hub. 

##12.What command can you run to export a docker image as an archive?
####Answer:
    `docker save -o <exported_name>.tar <container_name>`

##13.What command can be run to import a pre-exported Docker image into another Docker host?
####Answer:
    `docker load -i <export_image_name>.tar`

##14.Can a paused container be removed from Docker?
####Answer:
    No. A container must be stopped before removing from Docker.

##15.What command is used to check for the version of docker client and server?
####Answer:
    1)`docker version` can get version of both docker client and docker server.
    2)`docker  version --format `{{.Server.Version}}`` can get only the version of docker server.

##16.Differentiate between virtualization and containerization.
####Answer:
    1)Virtualization can help developers to host and run multiple operating systems on the hardware of a single physical 
    server. While Centralization can help developers to hold an drun multiple applcations using the same operating systems 
    on a single vm or a server.
    2)In virtualization, hypervisors provide all vms to the operating system of guest side. While for containerization, 
    the environment of containers is isolated. This means whatever changes done to the contain, changes will not reflect 
    on the host or other containeres on the same host.
    3)Virtualization is an abstraction of the system hardware layer, which means each vitural machine on the host works 
    like a physical machine. While containerization is an abstraction of the application layer, which means each container 
    can be an application.

##17.Differentiate between COPY and ADD commands that are used in a Dockerfile?
####Answer:
    COPY command is used to copy local files into the container.
    Besides above function,  ADD command can support remote URL and tar extraction.

##18.Can a container restart by itself?
####Answer:
    Yes, it depends on the command `docker run -dit --restart [restart-policy-value] [container_name]`
    The restart-policy-value can be Off, On-failure, Unless-stopped, and Always.
    1)Off: the container will not restart whether it stops or fails.
    2)On-failure: the container will only restart when it fails which is related to the user.
    3)Unless-stopped: the container will restart only when it is stopped which is only caused by the user.
    4)Always: the container will always restart.

##19.Can you tell the differences between a docker Image and Layer?
####Answer:
    1)docker Image: It is built from a series of read-only layers of instructions. Every image relates to a container. 
    An it can be used for quick operation.
    2)docker Layer: Every layer is related to an instruction of the docker file. The layer is also an image, but it is 
    the image of the instructions run.

##20.What is the purpose of the volume parameter in a docker run command?
####Answer:
    The command with the volume parameter is `docker run -v host_path : docker_path <container_name>`
    The volume parameter is used to synchronize a directory of a container to a directory of the host. It ensures that the 
    data files of the container are synchronized with data from the host. And it also ensures data security in case of 
    container deletion.

##21.Where are docker volumes stored in docker?
####Answer:
    They are in Docker host filesystem at /var/lib/docker/volumes/

##22.What does the docker info command do?
####Answer:
    This command is used to get detailed information of Docker installed on the host. The information includes the number 
    of docker containers and images, the status, and hardware information like memory, speed of processor and so on.

##23.Can you tell the what are the purposes of up, run, and start commands of docker compose?
####Answer:
    1)docker-compose up: start or restart all related networks, services, and drivers in the docker-compose.yml file for 
    the applicaion. The  docker-compose up can be run in “attached” mode and “detached”mode. The difference is that in “attached” 
    mode, all logs in the conatiner are accessible. while in “detached” mode, once the container starts, it will exist 
    and no longer show any log.
    2)docker-compose run: It can be used to run one-time or ad-hoc tasks according to business requirement. When using 
    this command, service neame is required. Then the docker can only start the specific service and all other dependent 
    services. This command can be used to test containers and execute tasks like adding or deleting volumes of the container.
    3)docker-compose start: It is used to restart containers which are already created but stopped. This command can not 
    used to create new containers.

##24.What are the basic requirements for the docker to run on any system?
####Answer:
    Docker can run on both Windows and Linux system. The requirement for the systen is as following:
    1)Window: The version of Windows should at least be Windows 10 64 bits with memory space 2GB RAM. For lower Windows version, 
    the docker can be installed by the help of toolbox.
    2)Linux: Docker can run on various Linux system, but it has requirement for the version of each system like Ubuntu>=12.04, 
    Fedora >=19, RHEL >=6.5, CentOS >=6 etc.

##25.Can you tell the approach to login to the docker registry?
####Answer:
    Using the command `docker login`

##26.List the most commonly used instructions in Dockerfile?
####Answer:
    1)FROM: A valid docker is started with the instruction `FROM`, which sets the base image.
    2)LABEL: it is used for image organization based on projects, modules or licenses. And it can also help realize automation.
    3)RUN: It is used to execute instructions following on the top of the current image in a new layer. When every time executes 
    RUN command, new layers will be added to the top of the image for the subsequent steps using.
    4)CMD: It is used to provide default values for the executing container. If there are multiple CMD instructions, only 
    the last one will be considered.

##27.Can you differentiate between Daemon Logging and Container Logging?
####Answer:
    1)Daemon Logging: It has four levels, including Debug, Info, Error and Fatal.
    1.Debug: has all data of the execution of daemon process.
    2.Info: has all information including error information of the execution of daemon process.
    3.Error: errors caused during the execution of daemon process.
    4.Fatal: fatal errors caused during the executing of daemmon process.
    2)Container Logging:
    It can be done using the command:
        `sudo docker run -it <container_name> /bin/bash`
    And the container logs can be checked by the command:
        `sudo docker logs <container_id>`

##28.What is the way to establish communication between docker host and Linux host?
####Answer:
    By identifying the “ipconfig” on the docker host. As long as the docker is on the linux host, an ethernet adapter can be created.

##29.What is the best way of deleting a container?
####Answer:
    The best way stop the container firstly, and then remove it.
    Using commands as following:
        `docker stop <container_id>`
        `docker rm <container_id>`

##30.Can you tell the difference between CMD and ENTRYPOINT?
####Answer:
    1)CMD is used to provide executable default values to the executing containers. If there must omit executable files, 
    ENTRYPOINT instruction must be used with the JSON array format.
    2)when using ENTRYPOINT, the instructions in it will continue running once the container starts.  And ENTRYPOINT can 
    provide configuration for the parameters and executables. If the docker file does not include this command, it can be 
    inherited from the base image in the FROM instruction. Most of base images commonly appliies `/bin/sh` or `/bin/bash` as ENTRYPOINT.

##31.Can we use JSON instead of YAML while developing dockercompose file in Docker?
####Answer:
    Yes, the command is `docker-compose -f docker-compose.json up`

##32.How many containers you can run in docker and what are the factors influencing this limit?
####Answer:
    The lmitation of the number of containers running in docker depends on hardware restrictions. The most two important 
    fatcors are the size of application and the CPU resources. For example, if the application is not very big, and there 
    are adequate resources, a huge number of containers can be run.

##33.Describe the lifecycle of Docker Container?
####Answer:
    The lifecycle of Dcoker Container is from the stage it is created to it is ended. The detailed stages during the lifecycle are as following:
    1)Created: the container is created, but not started.
    2)Running: in this stage, the container has been started, and is runnig with all process.
    3)Paused: this stage occurs when a running container is paused.
    4)Stopped: this stage occurs when a running container is stopped.
    5)Deleted: in this stage, the container will be deleted, and in a dead status.

##34.How to use docker for multiple application environments?
####Answer:
    Using the feature of docker-compose, with which we can specify multiple networks, services and containers with the volume 
    mapping in a clean manner. In multiple application environments, we can specify dependencies and processes according to 
    every server for the application. And  create environment-specific docker-compose files with the name of  “docker-compose.{environment}.yml”. 
    In this way, the application can be set up and run according to the environment.

##35.How will you ensure that a container 1 runs before container 2 while using docker compose?
####Answer:
    Add “depends_on” in version 2 of docker-compose file, indicating container 2 depends on container 1.
    for example: 
```
version: “2.4”
services:
	container2:
		build:
		depends_on:
			- container1
	container1:
		image: example

```
    1)In this way, when using command `docker-compose up`, services will be started and run  according to the dependency order. 
    Hence, container1 starts before container2.
    2)When using command `docker-compose up service_name`, because this command takes the dependencies related to the service 
    into consideration by default. If just using `docker-compose up container2`, container1 can be created and started 
    by default before container2.
    3)Command `docker-compose stop` stops the services according to the order of the dependencies. Hence, the container2 
    will be stopped before container1.
    