### 1. ist all of the new annotations you learned to your annotations.md
See annotations.md
### 2. Document the microservice architecture and components/tools/dependencies
- SpringCloud(a collection of extensions for Spring Boot which are useful for cloud
applications and for microservices)
- Zuul Api Gateway(It can forward external requests to specific services. This means that the entire
  microservices system can be accessible under one URL but can use different microservices
  internally)(routing)

application.yml:
```agsl
server:
  port: 8083

spring:
  application:
    name: API_GATEWAY

  cloud:
    gateway:
      routes:
        - id: CITIZEN-SERVICE
          uri:
            lb://CITIZEN-SERVICE
          predicates:
            - Path=/citizen/**

        - id: VACCINATION-CENTER
          uri:
            lb://VACCINATION-CENTER
          predicates:
            - Path=/vaccinationcenter/**
```
dependencies:
```agsl
<dependency>
			<groupId>org.springframework.cloud</groupId>
			<artifactId>spring-cloud-starter-gateway</artifactId>
</dependency>
```
- Eureka(Eureka register service by serviceid, monitor service health status, auto-register new services). 
    + Replication: In a distributed system, service discovery is essential for communication between microservices. Therefore, service discovery must be implemented in a way that a failure of one server does not cause the entire service discovery to fail
    + Crash detection: Eureka expects the microservices to regularly send heartbeats

application.yml:
```
server:
  port:
    8761
eureka:
  client:
    fetch-registry: false
    register-with-eureka: false
```

dependencies:
```agsl
 <dependency>
      <groupId>org.springframework.cloud</groupId>
      <artifactId>spring-cloud-starter-netflix-
eureka-server</artifactId>
    </dependency>
  <dependencyManagement>
    <dependencies>
      <dependency>
<groupId>org.springframework.cloud</groupId>
        <artifactId>spring-cloud-
dependencies</artifactId>
        <version>${spring-cloud.version}</version>
        <type>pom</type>
        <scope>import</scope>
      </dependency>
    </dependencies>
  </dependencyManagement>
```
EnableEurekaServer:
```agsl
@SpringBootApplication
@EnableEurekaServer
public class EurekaServerApplication {

	public static void main(String[] args) {
		SpringApplication.run(EurekaServerApplication.class, args);
	}

}
```
- Ribbon Load Balancer(Load balancing enables our service to scale well and stay highly available when the traffic load increases)
Load balancing enables our service to scale well and stay highly available when the traffic load increases.

Usage:
```agsl
@SpringBootApplication
@EnableCircuitBreaker
public class VaccinationCenterApplication {
  public static void main(String[] args) {
    SpringApplication.run(VaccinationCenterApplication.class,
args); }
@Bean
  @LoadBalanced
  public RestTemplate getRestTemplate() {
    return new RestTemplate();
  }
}
```
- Hystrix Circuit Breaker(Hystrix implements typical resilience patterns such as timeouts in Java)
  If a system call results in an error, the circuit breaker is opened and does not allow any calls to pass through.

    - Steps to use hystrix:
      + add hystrix dependencies – hystrix_starter & hystrix_dashboard
      + add @EnableCircuitBreaker
      + write the restTemplate method to call another service and fallback method
      + add @HystrixCommand(fallback=“fallback_method”)

- Config Server: Configuration
  Spring Cloud offers support for Consul as a server for configurations. The examples in this course use application.properties files for configuration because they are relatively easy to handle.

- Kafka:
  Kafka is primarily used to build real-time streaming data pipelines and applications that adapt to the data streams. It combines messaging, storage, and stream processing to allow storage and analysis of both historical and real-time data
- Docker:
Docker is a software platform that allows you to build, test, and deploy applications quickly. Docker packages software into standardized units called containers that have everything the software needs to run including libraries, system tools, code, and runtime.

### 3. What are Resilience patterns? What is circuit breaker?
Resiliency patterns are a type of service architecture that help to prevent cascading failures and to preserve functionality in the event of service failure.
+ Time out: A timeout prevents a microservice from waiting too long for another
  microservice
+ Fail fast: Fail Fast describes a similar pattern. It is better to generate an error as
  quickly as possible.
+ Bulkhead: Hystrix can use its own thread pool for each type of request. For example, a separate thread pool can be set up for each called microservice.
+ Circuit breaker: If a system call results in an error, the circuit breaker is opened and does not allow any calls to pass through

### 4. Read this article, then list the important questions, then write your answers
a. https://www.interviewbit.com/microservices-interview-questions/#mai n-features-of-microservices

+ Describe main features of microservice.
    + Decoupling: Within a system, services are largely decoupled. The application as a whole can therefore be easily constructed, altered, and scalable
    + Componentization: Microservices are viewed as independent components that can easily be exchanged or upgraded
    + Business Capabilities: Microservices are relatively simple and only focus on one service
    + Team autonomy: Each developer works independently of each other, allowing for a faster project timeline
    + Continuous Delivery: Enables frequent software releases through systematic automation of software development, testing, and approval
    + Responsibility: Microservices are not focused on applications as projects. Rather, they see applications as products they are responsible for
    + Decentralized Governance: Choosing the right tool according to the job is the goal. Developers can choose the best tools to solve their problems
    + Agility: Microservices facilitate agile development. It is possible to create new features quickly and discard them again at any time.
+ Write main components of Microservice
    + Containers, Clustering, and Orchestration
    + IaC [Infrastructure as Code Conception]
    + Cloud Infrastructure
    + API Gateway
    + Enterprise Service Bus
    + Service Delivery
  
+  Explain spring cloud and spring boot.
    + Spring Cloud: In Microservices, the Spring cloud is a system that integrates with external systems. This is a short-lived framework designed to build applications quickly. It contributes significantly to microservice architecture due to its association with finite amounts of data processing.
    + Spring Boot: Spring Boot is an open-sourced, Java-based framework that provides its developers with a platform on which they can create stand-alone, production-grade Spring applications. In addition to reducing development time and increasing productivity, it is easily understood.  
   
+ What do you mean by Cohesion and Coupling?
    + Coupling: It is defined as a relationship between software modules A and B, and how much one module depends or interacts with another one. Couplings fall into three major categories. Modules can be highly coupled (highly dependent), loosely coupled, and uncoupled from each other. The best kind of coupling is loose coupling, which is achieved through interfaces. 
    + Cohesion: It is defined as a relationship between two or more parts/elements of a module that serves the same purpose. Generally, a module with high cohesion can perform a specific function efficiently without needing communication with any other modules. High cohesion enhances the functionality of the module.

#### 5. how to do load balance in microservice? Write a long Summary by yourself.
  A load balancer is a critical component in system design, as it is responsible for distributing incoming requests to multiple servers to ensure that no single server becomes overwhelmed and that the overall system performance remains optimal.
Before using load balancer, we face two problems: Single Point of Failure and Overloaded Servers.
For Single Point of Failure, If the server goes down or something happens to the server the whole application will be interrupted and it will become unavailable for the users for a certain period.
For Overloaded Servers, There will be a limitation on the number of requests that a web server can handle. If the business grows and the number of requests increases the server will be overloaded. 

We can place load balancers:
+ In between the client application/user and the server
+ In between the server and the application/job servers
+ In between the application servers and the cache servers
+ In between the cache servers the database servers


Load Balancers use some defined algorithms to do load balancing
+ Round Robin: Requests are distributed across the servers in a sequential or rotational manner. For example, the first request goes to the first server, the second one goes to the second server, the third request goes to the third server and it continues further for all the requests. It is easy to implement but it doesn’t consider the load already on a server so there is a risk that one of the servers receives a lot of requests and becomes overloaded.
+ Weighted Round Robin :It is much similar to the round-robin technique. The only difference is, that each of the resources in a list is provided a weighted score. Depending on the weighted score the request is distributed to these servers. So in this method, some of the servers get a bigger share of the overall request.
+ Least Connection Method In this method, the request will be directed to the server with the fewest number of requests or active connections. To do this load balancer needs to do some additional computing to identify the server with the least number of connections.
+ Least Response Time Method This technique is more sophisticated than the Least connection method.  In this method, the request is forwarded to the server with the fewest active connections and the least average response time.
+ Source IP Hash In this method, the request is sent to the server based on the client’s IP address. The IP address of the client and the receiving compute instance are computed with a cryptographic algorithm.

In summery, Load Balancers A load balancer enables elastic scalability which improves the performance and throughput of data. They can be placed t any software layer. Many companies use both hardware and software to implement the load balancers, depending on the different scale points in their system.



