2. What is the checked exception and unchecked exception in Java, could you give one example?
   A checked exception in Java represents a predictable, erroneous situation that can occur even if a software library is used as intended.

   For example, if a developer tries to access a file, the Java IO library forces them to deal with the checked FileNotFoundException. The developers of the Java IO API anticipated that attempting to access a file that does not exist would be a relatively common occurrence, so they created a checked exception to force a developer to deal with it.

   In contrast to a checked exception, an unchecked exception represents an error in programming logic, not an erroneous situation that might reasonably occur during the proper use of an API.

3. Can there be multiple finally blocks?

   There can only be one finally block, and it must follow the catch blocks. If the try block exits normally (no exceptions occurred), then control goes directly to the finally block. After the finally block is executed, the statements following it get control.

4. When both catch and finally return values, what will be the final result?

   If both catch and finally return, the receiving method will get the returned value from the finally block.

5. What is Runtime/unchecked exception? what is Compile/Checked Exception?

   A checked exception is caught at compile time whereas a runtime or unchecked exception is, as it states, at runtime. A checked exception must be handled either by re-throwing or with a try catch block, whereas an unchecked isn't required to be handled.

6. What is the difference between throw and throws?

   Both throw and throws are concepts of exception handling in Java. The throws keyword is used to declare which exceptions can be thrown from a method, while the throw keyword is used to explicitly throw an exception within a method or block of code.

7. 存在多个 catch 的时候，catch 的顺序非常重要：子类必须写在前面。

8. What is optional? why do you use it? write an optional example.

   Optional is generally used as a return type for methods that might not always have a result to return. For example, a method that looks up a user by ID might not find a match, in which case it would return an empty Optional. Optional can help to reduce the number of null pointer exceptions in your code.

9. Why finally always be executed ?

   The finally block always executes when the try block exits. This ensures that the finally block is executed even if an unexpected exception occurs.

10. What is Java 8 new features ?

    forEach() method in Iterable interface.
    default and static methods in Interfaces.
    Functional Interfaces and Lambda Expressions.
    Java Stream API for Bulk Data Operations on Collections.
    Java Time API.
    Collection API improvements.
    Concurrency API improvements.
    Java IO improvements.

11. What are the types of design patterns in Java ?

    Java design patterns are divided into three categories - creational, structural, and behavioral design patterns.

12. What are the SOLID Principles ?

    SOLID stands for:

    S - Single-responsiblity Principle
    O - Open-closed Principle
    L - Liskov Substitution Principle
    I - Interface Segregation Principle
    D - Dependency Inversion Principle

13. How can you achieve thread-safe singleton patterns in Java ?

14. What do you understand by the Open-Closed Principle (OCP) ?

    In object-oriented programming, the open–closed principle (OCP) states "software entities (classes, modules, functions, etc.) should be open for extension, but closed for modification"; that is, such an entity can allow its behaviour to be extended without modifying its source code.

15. Answer is #3.
