1. What is generic in Java? and type the generic code by yourself.

Generics means parameterized types. The idea is to allow type (Integer, String, … etc., and user-defined types) to be a parameter to methods, classes, and interfaces. Using Generics, it is possible to create classes that work with different data types. An entity such as class, interface, or method that operates on a parameterized type is a generic entity.

2. Read those codes and type it one by one by yourself. the push the code to your branch.

3. practice stream API at least 3 times

4. Write the Singleton design pattern include eager load and lazy load.

public class EagerInitializedSingleton {

    private static final EagerInitializedSingleton instance = new EagerInitializedSingleton();

    // private constructor to avoid client applications using the constructor
    private EagerInitializedSingleton(){}

    public static EagerInitializedSingleton getInstance() {
        return instance;
    }

}

public class LazyInitializedSingleton {

    private static LazyInitializedSingleton instance;

    private LazyInitializedSingleton(){}

    public static LazyInitializedSingleton getInstance() {
        if (instance == null) {
            instance = new LazyInitializedSingleton();
        }
        return instance;
    }

}

5. What is Runtime Exception? could you give me some examples?

Runtime exceptions are internal to your application but are not typically recoverable. For example, an object that is expected to have a value but is actually null. In this case, a NullPointerException exception would be thrown.

6. Could you give me one example of NullPointerException?

Invoking a method from a null object.
Accessing or modifying a null object's field.
Taking the length of null, as if it were an array.
Accessing or modifying the slots of null object, as if it were an array.
Throwing null, as if it were a Throwable value.
When you try to synchronize over a null object.

7. What is the Optional class?

The Optional class in Java is a container that can hold, at max, one value and gracefully deals with null values. The class was introduced in the java. util package to remove the need for multiple null checks to protect against the dreaded NullPointerExceptions during run-time.

8. What is the @FunctionalInterface?

An Interface that contains exactly one abstract method is known as functional interface. It can have any number of default, static methods but can contain only one abstract method. It can also declare methods of object class. Functional Interface is also known as Single Abstract Method Interfaces or SAM Interfaces.

9. what is lamda?

A lambda expression is a short block of code which takes in parameters and returns a value. Lambda expressions are similar to methods, but they do not need a name and they can be implemented right in the body of a method.

10. What is Method Reference?

Method reference is the way in a lambda expression to refer a method without executing it. In the body of a lambda expression, we can able to call another method if they are compatible with a functional interface. The operator "::" can be used to separate the class name from the method name.

11. What is Java 8 new features?

12. Lambda can use unchanged variable outside of lambda? what is the details?

Lambda expressions can use variables defined in an outer scope.
