# HW8

### 1  List all of the new annotations to your annotaitons.md and explain its role.

Shown in `annotation`

### 2 How do you do the debug?

+ Add some breakpoints to define where to stop the program.
+ Run the program in debug mode.
+ After the program has been suspended, use the debugger to get the information about the state of the program and how it changes during running.

### 3 What is DTO, VO, Payload, DO?

+ DTO: DTOs or Data Transfer Objects are objects that carry data between processes in order to reduce the number of methods calls.
+ VO: also known as the Value Object, is a special type of object that can hold values such as java.lang.Integer and java.lang.Long.

+ DO: The Java Data Objects is an API designed for persisting object-oriented data into any database and provide a user-friendly query language using the Java syntax.
+ Payload: payload means body in the HTTP request and response message. It's optional and depends on the HTTP method name.

### 4 What is @JsonProperty("description_yyds")

`@JsonProperty` is used to mark non-standard getter/setter method to be used with respect to json property.

### 5 Do you know what is jackson?

Jackson is a very popular and efficient java based library to serialize or map java objects to JSON and vice versa.

### 6 What is spring-boot-stater?

Spring Boot provides a number of starters that allow us to add jars in the classpath. Spring Boot built-in **starters** make development easier and rapid. Spring Boot Starters are the dependency descriptors.

`spring-boot-starter-web` is used for Spring Web Services.

Some other starters: `spring-boot-starter-data-redis`, `spring-boot-starter-jdbc`, `spring-boot-starter-data-mongodb`.

### 7 Do you know  @RequestMapping(value = "/users", method = RequestMethod.POST) ? Could you list CRUD by this style?
`@RequestMapping` is used to map web requests to Spring Controller methods. 

`@RequestMapping(value = "/users", method = RequestMethod.POST)` means the method is mapped to `/users` and it is a `POST` request.

```java
@RequestMapping(value = "/users", method = RequestMethod.POST)
@RequestMapping(value = "/users", method = RequestMethod.GET)
@RequestMapping(value = "/users", method = RequestMethod.PUT)
@RequestMapping(value = "/users", method = RequestMethod.DELETE)
```

### 8 What is ResponseEntity? why do we need it?

*ResponseEntity* represents the whole HTTP response: status code, headers, and body. As a result, we can use it to fully configure the HTTP response.

### 9 What is ResultSet in jdbc? and describe the flow how to get data using JDBC

The `ResultSet` is a table of data generated by executing database queries.

The typical flow of using JDBC is as follows:

1. First, load the JDBC driver and create a connection to the database.
2. Then, create a `Statement` and execute the query to get a `ResultSet`.
3. Next, traverse and process the `ResultSet` .
4. Close the `ResultSet` , `Statement` , and `Connection` .

### 10 What is the ORM framework?

Object-Relational Mapping(ORM) is a technique that lets you query and manipulate data from a database using an object-oriented paradigm. When talking about ORM, most people are referring to a *library* that implements the Object-Relational Mapping technique, hence the phrase "an ORM".

An ORM library is a completely ordinary library written in your language of choice that encapsulates the code needed to manipulate the data, so you don't use SQL anymore; you interact directly with an object in the same language you're using.

### 12 What is the serialization and desrialization?

Serialization is a mechanism to convert the state of an object into a byte stream while De-serialization is the reverse process where the byte stream is used to recreate the actual object in memory.

### 13 Use stream api to get the average of the array [20, 3, 78, 9, 6, 53, 73, 99, 24, 32].

```java
int res = Arrays.asList(20, 3, 78, 9, 6, 53, 73, 99, 24, 32).stream().mapToInt(Integer::intValue).average();
```

### 14 15

Shown in `Coding/redbook`

### 16 Try to write the CRUD api for a new application Cassandra-Blog

Shown in `Coding/Canssandra-blog`
